good morning omniscient anuschka 15
Write me I have a salad
I would rather have one
schnitzel now anuschka 15 that's all
normal no human likes salad and everyone
would rather have a schnitzel anyway
you have a salad in front of you
you probably want to live a healthy life
and so does one in the gym
even though you do not register at all
wants to do sports but believes the
monthly fees would be one
somehow force it
so you go to the supermarket and
bought salad but if you go back to
home is you want a schnitzel
a dilemma that the science since
but tried to solve it for decades
unfortunately in vain until today because I
just present salad schnitzel
salad schnitzel combines the
health promoting effect of salad
with the delicious taste of schnitzel
for a real salad schnitzel
you need a tender one first
Juicy piece of salad best from the
Shoulder or the back you have to
then place a bit and
then bread for the banal
do you need mail breadcrumbs and a
small tip the panade I would be fine
spice up between us that's it
only after the salad schnitzel
the salad will taste afterwards
tip in flour then turn in and
Finally in breadcrumbs then again
Best of all, weird experiments
with two paper plates on both sides
do the half dani in the cut and
turn in breadcrumbs that that
salad schnitzel is finished breaded
Do you realize that you are in the kitchen
a huge hate organized and hate
two days later to the
most impossible places leftovers and breadcrumbs
now you just have to find it
Heat some oil in the pan
think more is more finally
it should not be after salad after
then taste the salad schnitzel gently
slide into the pan golden brown
sauté and roast again for a short time
and then it's ready salad schnitzel
humanity had to be on it for a long time
wait now it is possible
healthy salads that looks and tastes
like a schnitzel
The world is perfect because that is
not everything has long been working on
other salad treats such as
Example of this made fast
juicy salad walker with extra cheese
or my personal favorite the salad
Currywurst
that looks so delicious but
Of course we will try before that
our delicious salad schnitzel tastes
actually after schnitzel and after
salad and a bit too
after egg cake the salad schnitzel yes
is there really the world is saved
told all your friends or
Write me what cook problem me
should solve next or click here
for even more cooking videos of me or
easy one page on facebook
I mean, it really would not be from you
coast and see you soon
nothing is really right about that
Juicy salad currywurst is still
an early prototype